doc: Updates `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` resource & data source documentation, examples, and migration guide for ISS changes (#2470)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/data-sources/cloud_backup_schedule.md

  reference_hour_of_day    = 3
  reference_minute_of_hour = 45
  restore_window_days      = 4

  policy_item_daily {
    frequency_interval = 1
    retention_unit     = "days"
    retention_value    = 14
  }

  copy_settings {
    cloud_provider = "AWS"
    frequencies = ["HOURLY",
		   "DAILY",
		   "WEEKLY",
		   "MONTHLY",
		   "YEARLY",
		   "ON_DEMAND"]
    region_name = "US_EAST_1"
    zone_id = mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster.my_cluster.replication_specs.*.zone_id[0]
    should_copy_oplogs = false
  }
}

data "mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule" "test" {
  project_id   = mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule.test.project_id
  cluster_name = mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule.test.cluster_name
  use_zone_id_for_copy_settings = true
}
```

## Argument Reference

* `project_id` - (Required) The unique identifier of the project for the Atlas cluster.
* `cluster_name` - (Required) The name of the Atlas cluster that contains the snapshots backup policy you want to retrieve.

> * `use_zone_id_for_copy_settings` - Set this field to `true` to allow the data source to use the latest schema that populates `copy_settings.#.zone_id` instead of the deprecated `copy_settings.#.replication_spec_id`. These also enables you to reference cluster zones using independent shard scaling, which no longer supports `replication_spec.*.id`. To learn more, see the [1.18.0 upgrade guide](../guides/1.18.0-upgrade-guide.md#transition-cloud-backup-schedules-for-clusters-to-use-zones).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `use_zone_id_for_copy_settings` - Set this field to `true` to allow the data source to use the latest schema that populates `copy_settings.#.zone_id` instead of the deprecated `copy_settings.#.replication_spec_id`. These fields also enable you to reference cluster zones using independent shard scaling, which no longer supports `replication_spec.*.id`. To learn more, see the [1.18.0 upgrade guide](../guides/1.18.0-upgrade-guide.md#transition-cloud-backup-schedules-for-clusters-to-use-zones).
```
